update manager tag (#8761)
Azure/azure-dev: cli/azd/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Check existing issues for [bugs][bug issues] or [enhancements][enhancement issues].
- Open an issue if things aren't working as expected, or if an enhancement is being proposed.
- Start a conversation on the issue if you are thinking of submitting a pull request.

> - Submit a pull request **linked to the issue** (e.g., add `Fixes #123` to the PR description). PRs without a linked issue will be flagged by our automated checks. Issues in the current milestone get priority review — if yours isn't prioritized yet, tag **@RickWinter** or **@kristenwomack** and we'll help get it sorted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull requests must be **linked to an issue** (e.g., add `Fixes #123` to the PR description). PRs without a linked issue will be flagged by our automated checks. Issues in the current milestone get priority review; if yours isn't prioritized yet, tag **@RickWinter** or **@kristenwomack** and we'll help get it sorted.
```

Author: https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/pull/8768/changes
